---
layout: post
version: 1
title:  "Elfin"
date: 2017-01-27
published: true
tumblr: IMG_20170128_111200.jpg
image: /images/posts/2017-01-27-elfin/IMG_20170128_173937.jpg
excerpt_separator: <!-- excerpt -->
comments: true
categories: en Canada hikes
---

# Description:
* Difficulty: winter - Difficult, Summer - intermediate
* Time: winter - , Summer - 6h  
* Round-Trip: winter - 25km, Summer - 22km
* Elevation Gain: 600
* Season: Any time
* Camping: Yes
* From Vancouver: 1 hour 45 minutes
* Public Transit: NO
* Dog Friendly: NO

<!-- excerpt -->

# Map:
http://www.trailpeak.com/donate/donate.jsp?val=173&width=1000&height=1000

# Overview:
Wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elfin_Lakes

{% include image.html name="IMG_20170128_145015.jpg"%}

# Story:
My friend Eugene ask me about hiking in BC during winter time.  It was his first year in Vancouver and my third.  
'Elfin lakes' I sad to him.  Maria and I did it last year it was really cool trip.  But we didn't get to the end.  So we can go earlier and try to do it all.  
Engine bought snowshoes and we did a small test drive on Cyprus.  This year we have so much snow as never before in last 10 or so year.  
During this hike we decide to go  there on snowshoes and ski back.  (Back country)

One more guy from Ukraine decide to join us in a last moment.  He doesn't know how to ski or snowboarding but it's not a problem with us. You can always ass slide))

# Tips:
- It is impossible to get to the top parking without chains even on winter tires with 4 wheel drive.
- You may not need a helmet it's up to you.  But you definitely need ski glass.
- Grill cheese sandwiches this is a food for this winter trail.  
- On Sunday and holidays Skytrain work from 7 not from 6.

# Photos:
Photos also from Elfin lakes bat from another trip 2 weeks after first one.

{% include imagegallery.html path="2017-01-27-elfin/gallery1/" %}



<figure class="video_container">
  <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Y0lHO6ZEsZM" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true"> </iframe>
</figure>
